# BEP-20
Bytus seeks to disrupt the way the payment system works today, and the blockchain makes that possible. It came up with an innovative idea of using an immense number of tokens at the junction of various currencies. It offers a platform where a token is required for work. The system replaces MasterCard and Visa payment systems, including digital currencies. The new ecosystem encourages a policy of complete openness, speed, maximum cooperation, and the possibility of raising the number of currencies, all in a single application. 
Bytus aims to help retail chains present digital currencies as viable payment methods. It helps entice new consumers who wish to pay using cryptos, enabling clients to explore new markets. It seeks to eradicate the need for a massive number of plastic cards, facilitating payments via the Bytus mobile service. Bytus will allow users to independently manage their funds’ security.
Exchanging digital currency to fiat is difficult and often involves the utilization of external services. It exposes individuals to platform-specific exploits which malware attackers may take advantage of if the security is poor. Bytus’ mission is to develop a secure and convenient ecosystem to allow users to easily pay both via payment terminals and online using a QR code with quick crypto to fiat conversion.
The Bytus app is programmed with the ability to fast-track POS transactions and is embedded with an inbuilt exchange. It will make instant fiat or crypto payments. Its main advantage is the exchange it offers. It can convert fiat to digital currency and vice versa. With only some coins, it can produce a meta-analysis that helps optimize the user base and offers the best a user may expect. Securing it with the blockchain gives Bytus app a foolproof shield that protects all transactions. 
